# Page 42 — source: tesseract 5.5 --psm 6 on 300dpi render (pdftotext returned no text: page is a scanned image)

»

The SLATS caution light is illuminated if 1. Slats not in selected position, 2. Split slats, ~
3. Slats selected above 217 knots 4. Stats extuded then accelerate pests 217
SPEED BRAKE System (NATOPS 2.8) bos
380 knots speed at which speed brakes blow back begins a
340 knots speed above which speed brakes may not fully extend |
60° full speed brake deflection pe
LANDING GEAR System (NATOPS 2.9) q
200 knots maximum gear extension/retraction speed ‘al
15 sec approximate landing gear extension time S
10 sec approximate landing gear retraction time |
2.2-2.5" inain landing gear oleo limits le
3.25" approximate nose gear oleo exposed (NATOPS) ke
7/8-1 7/8" approximate main landing gear oleo exposed (NATOPS) q
The main landing gear are type units. (Trailing arm suspension) L
The caution light is illuminated whenever the landing gear doors are not up and locked (DOOR) <
T/F the light in the gear handle will illuminate in the DOWN position if the gear is down and b
locked, and the gear doors are not up and locked. “

(FALSE, gear door status doesn't matter when the handle is down) '

T/F The light in the gear handle will illuminate in the UP position if the gear is down and 4
locked, and the gear doors are ot up and locked. a

(TRUE, gear door status does matter when the handle is in the up Position) €

Conditions for WHEELS warning light illumination 1. LDG gear handle is not set to DOWN position, d
2. N2 rpm below 95% and either, - ,

3a. altitude is less than 7200' msl with airspeed below 170 knots, OR [

3b. SLATS/FLAPS lever not in up position. a

TF when lowering the gear with the EMER GEAR handle, all of the gear doors remain open |
(FALSE, 28 VDC services bus powers the emergency nose landing gear door actuator |

bringing the nose gear doors to a near closed position.) 4

b

NOSE WHEEL STEERING System (NATOPS 2.10) ¢
65° maximuin nose wheel deflection with high gain J
20° maximum nose wheel deflection with LAUNCH BAR in EXTEND and G
NWS button depressed L

12° maximum nose wheel deflection with low gain u
10 knots maximum taxi speed with high gain NWS [
Nose wheel steering is powered off the bus and the HYD 1 system (28VDC Essential Services) (|
TF On landing, the NWS system is engaged with weight on wheels from just one main gear b
and nose wheel, and will remain engaged with weight on only one main gear (TRUE) -

T/F In order to use NWS with LAUNCH BAR in Extend, the NWS button must be depressed uy
The NOSE WHEEL STR caution light is illuminated if 1. Nose wheel moves away from commanded [
