# Page 43 — source: tesseract 5.5 --psm 6 on 300dpi render (pdftotext returned no text: page is a scanned image)

.

pedal position, 2. If there is an internal system failure (including HYD 1 failure), 3. When the system has
been paddled off.

T/F No landing gear will retract until the nose gear is centered (TRUE)

The paddle switch 1. Disengages NWS, 2. Deactivates control augmentation causing the NOSE WHL STR

| and CONTR AUG caution lights to illuminate when the aircraft is on the ground

a T/F the NSEA4KE-SER advisory light is iluminted anytime the NWS system is energized

oO (FALSE, only shows on high gain)

WHEEL BRAKES/ANTI-SKID System (NATOPS 2.11)

ed 2200psi pressure reserved by wheel brake/emergency flap accumulator if HYD 1 loses pressure

> 180 +/-20psi minimum pressure to illuminate BRAKE PRESSURE indicators lights

A 150psi pressure at which BRAKE PRESSURE lights are extinguished

a 30 knots minimum required wheel speed for anti-skid to operate while accelerating

» 10-13 knots minimum wheel speed for anti-skid to operate while decelerating

10 number of full brake applications provided by brake/emergency flap accumulator

Ld 324°F temperature at which fusible plugs in main gear wheels are designed to release tire press.
P| When landing gear is retracted, landing gear door open pressure is applied to the cylinder.

a Which in turn applies force to the parking brake lever to actuate the brake control valve (DE-SPIN)

4 Conditions for anti-skid to operate 1. Landing gear down, 2. Weight on wheels, and 3. Speed above 30 knots while
| accelerating or 10-13 knots deceleration

a T/F the anti-skid system releases brake pressure if brake pedals are depressed while airborne

4 to prevent touchdown with locked brakes. (TRUE)
. the ANTI-SKID caution light is illuminated if 1. System malfunction is detected, 2. Prolonged full pressure

> dump lasting greater then 2 seconds, 3. No wheel spin detected 3 seconds after weight on wheels (reverts to
4 normal braking)

» TF engaging the parking brake with anti-skid energized will eventually deplete brake

accumulator pressure (TRUE)

5 T/F selecting anti-skid in either cockpit will energize the anti-skid system

pel (FALSE, both cockpits must have it selected)

The PARKING BRAKE caution light is illuminated if the throttle is advanced beyond intermediate

bed position (60-70%) and the parking brake is engaged.

Conditions for ANTI-SKID advisory light illumination 1. Anti-skid switches in both cockpits must be ON,

4 LAUNCH BAR System (NATOPS 2.12)

10 sec. Time allowed for launch bar to retract following launch before warning tone sounds

The green L BAR indicator light is illuminated when launch bar is extended with the switch set to EXTEND

2 The red L BAR indicator light is illuminated when 1. Launch bar is not retracted, 2. No weight on wheels,

a 3. gear down and not locked

4 TF with a launch bar retraction failure, raising the gear is not possible. (FALSE)
